Key Responsibilities:

 Administration, monitoring and troubleshooting system issues, including occasional out of hours sys admin support.

 Analyzing system and identifying potential issues with computer systems

 System performance

 Introducing and integrating new technologies into existing data centre environments

 Applying operating updates, patches, and configuration changes

 Installing and configuring new hardware and software

 Upgrades system by conferring with peers, vendors and services; developing, testing, evaluating, and installing enhancements and new software/hardware.

 Answering technical queries

 Answering trouble ticket requests

 Troubleshooting any reported problems

 Responsibility for security

 Secures system by developing system access, monitoring, control, and evaluation; establishing and testing disaster recovery policies and procedures; completing back-ups; maintaining documentation

 Defining clear engineering level requirements for projects.

 Clear design of solution of systems to meet requirements.

 Generation of reliable time and effort estimates for projects.

 Taking test and proof of concept implementations from the engineering teams and productionise these systems to ensure security and reliability

 Responsibility for documenting the configuration of the system

 Performing routine audits of systems and software

 Performing backups

 Ability to stay focused on priority tasks but understand they work as a part of a team.

 Self motivation on isolated tasks.

 Manage time and priorities, ability to scope and then deliver projects on time.

 Able to pick up new areas of knowledge and get up to speed quickly

 Must be a good team player

Qualifications

Required Experience/Skills & Education:

 In-depth knowledge of various linux distributions, primarily RedHat and CentOS.

 A minimum of 7+ years of Linux experience in production environment, administrating in a large scale environment

 Strong shell scripting skills in Perl, bash/csh, python and/or ruby.

 Focus on automation for software deployment, including applications, patching, and system build.

 Experience with a system management tool such as puppet, chef, or cfengine

 Experience of VMWare ESX Server.

 Able to configure IPTables

 Familiarity with network architecture and design to aid in troubleshooting host based network issues.

 Able to create and maintain software repositories (apt, and yum)

 Able to create and maintain Software packages (rpm, deb).

 Knowledge of kernel tuneables including the IO schedulers, memory settings, and networking buffers.

 Strong focus on documentation.

 Experience with system monitoring tools such as Nagios and Cacti

 Ability to understand Developer requirements and translate them into a working maintainable system.

 Able to configure a NetApp filer, or other SAN and NAS systems.

 In-depth knowledge of virtualization platforms (Xen or VMWare)

 Experience with web servers such as apache, resin, tomcat, or nginx

 Experience with MTA뭩 such as postfix, exim, or sendmail

 Ability to configure dns

 Works well in a fast paced team environment

 Able to troubleshoot complex problems.

 Excellent written and verbal communication skills

 Proven skills with identifying and presenting Root Cause Analysis in a clear and concise manor

McAfee, a wholly owned subsidiary of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC), is the world's largest dedicated security technology company. We are relentlessly focused on constantly finding new ways to keep our customers safe. Share your talents with us in the dynamic security industry, and experience the meaningful, interesting work that is waiting for you!

McAfee is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity!

Click here for full EEO statement.